backport all in one enterprise manifests to v0.20.0 (#249)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/releases/enterprise/install/kustomize.mdx

---
title: Kustomize
description: Install Pomerium Enterprise in Kubernetes with Kustomize
---

# Install Pomerium Enterprise in Kubernetes with Kustomize

This document covers installing Pomerium Enterprise into your existing Kubernetes cluster. It's designed to work with an existing cluster running Pomerium, as described in [Pomerium Kustomize]. Follow that document before continuing here.

The assumption is that Pomerium is installed into the `pomerium` namespace, and Enterprise would be installed into the `pomerium-enterprise` namespace.

## Prepare Core

The below command will expose the Pomerium Core Databroker gRPC interface.

```console
kubectl apply -k https://www.pomerium.com/k8s/core.yaml
```

## Deploy Enterprise Console

```console
kubectl apply -k https://pomerium.com/k8s/console.yaml
```

> The Enterprise Console need be configured before it becomes fully operational.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Enterprise Console needs to be configured before it becomes fully operational.
```
